Nathaniel Weissinger

IN PROGRESS

This is an ongoing project for making an original superhero costume.
Entitled "The Elbrandir" based on the character in a book I've written,
the hero has three Divine Weapons: a sword, a staff, and a gauntlet.
Although these three weapons have powers beyond physical limitations,
I've decided to build them and make them as accurate to its book
counterparts as possible. Additionally, the hero has a helmet, which
has its own unique abilities.

In the book, the sword absorbs electricity, glows blue, and enhances
physical abilities. What I am doing is 3D modeling the sword, 3D
printing the blade in translucent PETG filament, then using an
Arduino, a gyroscope, an LED strip, and a speaker in order to
simulate the blade's blue glow and sound effects. The outcome will
look similar to a lightsaber, but with custom sounds, buttons, and
in a unique bladed form.

The staff in the book can absorb radiation/light, and bend it in
several different, magical forms. I currently have a wooden staff,
and I am 3D modeling/printing pieces that will get permanently
secured to the staff. These pieces will house various modules that
will allow the staff to function as the Guiness World Record holder
of the most functional wizard staff ever built. It will be a self-
balancing, MIDI laser guitar, flamethrower, universal remote, and
many other things. The complete list is under:
projects->Arduino->STAFF->in_progress.txt

The gauntlet in the book is a weapon that can control objects, as
well as space-time itself. The gauntlet I am making/modeling is
simply a remote that can access both the helmet's and the staff's
functions and control them. The helmet is controlled via a phone app,
and the staff is controlled via an arduino, each used separately.

And lastly, unlike the sword, gauntlet, and staff, the helmet has
been fully completed. It was 3D modeled, 3d printed, painted; and
contains an LED matrix visor, a voice augmenter, a speaker, and
connects to a custom phone app using Bluetooth.
Its complete list of functions can be found at:
projects->Helmet_App->README.txt
